Adding video for ethereum compatibility (#1592)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/developers/smart-contracts/concepts/ethereum-compatibility/index.md

{{< beta-warning >}}

Take a look at this short presentation by [@truckerfling]('https://twitter.com/truckerfling') on Ethereum compatibility of FVM:

{{< youtube "lgUMVhM3FIM" >}}

> 
> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lgUMVhM3FIM" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< beta-warning >}}

> Take a look at this short presentation by [@truckerfling]('https://twitter.com/truckerfling') on Ethereum compatbility of FVM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at this short presentation by [@truckerfling]('https://twitter.com/truckerfling') on Ethereum compatibility of FVM:

{{< youtube "lgUMVhM3FIM" >}}
```
